        Vector Prime, R.A. Salvatore. First published in hardback.
        Dark Tide I: Onslaught, Michael A. Stackpole. Paperback.
        Dark Tide II: Ruin, Michael A. Stackpole. Paperback.
        Agents of Chaos I: Hero's Trial, James Luceno. Paperback.
        Agents of Chaos II: Jedi Eclipse, James Luceno. Paperback.
        Balance Point, Kathy Tyers. Hardback.
        Recovery, Troy Denning. Ebook/Novella, published to accompany Balance Point (but much more related to the later Star by Star).
        Edge of Victory I: Conquest, Greg Keyes. Paperback.
        Emissary of the Void, Greg Keyes. This is a strange one. Wookieepedia describes it as a "six-part serialized epic". It was first published in Star Wars Gamer and Star Wars Insider, and has allegedly never been collected in print or ebook form. I have not read it and don't know where you would get it. I'll do some research, though.
        Edge of Victory II: Rebirth, Greg Keyes. Paperback.
        Star by Star, Troy Denning. Hardback. This is essentially the midpoint and hinge of the series, so don't skip it.
        Dark Journey, Elaine Cunningham. Paperback, but weirdly enough, the Science Fiction Book Club published an exclusive hardback version.
        The Apprentice, Elaine Cunningham. Short story set during Dark Journey. Only published in Star Wars Gamer 8 as far as I can tell; I have not read it.
        Enemy Lines I: Rebel Dream, Aaron Allston. Paperback.
        Enemy Lines II: Rebel Stand, Aaron Allston. Paperback.
        Traitor, Matthew Stover. Paperback, but again, the Science Fiction Book Club published an exclusive hardback.
        Destiny's Way, Walter Jon Williams. Hardback.
        Ylesia, Walter Jon Williams. Ebook/Novella, released to accompany Destiny's Way.
        Force Heretic I: Remnant, Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Paperback.
        Force Heretic II: Refugee, Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Paperback.
        Or Die Trying, Sean Williams and Shane Dix. Short story, only published in Star Wars: The Official Magazine and Hyperspace. I have not read it.
        Force Heretic III: Reunion, Sean Williams and Shane Dix, Paperback.
        The Final Prophecy, Greg Keyes. Paperback, but once again, our friends over at the Science Fiction Book Club did their thing and published their own hardback.
        The Unifying Force, James Luceno. Hardback.